Migrate airflow-executors-explained guide (#1075)
astronomer/docs: guides/airflow-executors-explained.md

## LocalExecutor

Running Apache Airflow on a LocalExecutor exemplifies single-node architecture.

The LocalExecutor completes tasks in parallel that run on a single machine (think: your laptop, an EC2 instance, etc.) - the same machine that houses the Scheduler and all code necessary to execute. A single LocalWorker picks up and runs jobs as they’re scheduled and is fully responsible for all task execution.

In practice, this means that you don't need resources outside of that machine to run a DAG or a set of DAGs (even heavy workloads). For example, you might hear: "Our organization is running the LocalExecutor for development on a t3.xlarge AWS EC2 instance."

### Pros

- It's straightforward and easy to set up
- It's cheap and resource light
- It still offers parallelism

### Cons

- It's not (as) scalable
- It's dependent on a single point of failure

### When you should use it

The LocalExecutor is ideal for testing.

The obvious risk is that if something happens to your machine, your tasks will see a standstill until that machine is back up.

> Heavy Airflow users whose DAGs run in production will find themselves migrating from LocalExecutor to CeleryExecutor after some time, but you'll find plenty of use cases out there written by folks that run quite a bit on a LocalExecutor before making the switch. How much that executor can handle fully depends on your machine's resources and configuration. Until all resources on the server are used, the LocalExecutor actually scales up quite well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Heavy Airflow users whose DAGs run in production will find themselves migrating from Local executor to Celery executor after some time, but you'll find plenty of use cases out there written by folks that run quite a bit on Local executor before making the switch. How much that executor can handle fully depends on your machine's resources and configuration. Until all resources on the server are used, the Local executor actually scales up quite well.
```

> ## CeleryExecutor
> 
> At its core, the Airflow CeleryExecutor is built for horizontal scaling.
> 
> [Celery](https://docs.celeryproject.org/en/stable/) itself is a way of running python processes in a distributed fashion. To optimize for flexibility and availability, the CeleryExecutor works with a "pool" of independent workers and uses messages to delegate tasks. On Celery, your deployment's scheduler adds a message to the queue and the Celery broker delivers it to a Celery worker (perhaps one of many) to execute.
> 
> If a worker node is ever down or goes offline, the CeleryExecutor quickly adapts and is able to assign that allocated task or tasks to another worker.
> 
> If you're running native Airflow, adopting a CeleryExecutor means you'll have to set up an underlying database to support it (RabbitMQ/Redis).
> 
> > Note: When running Celery on top of a managed Kubernetes service, if a node that contains a Celery Worker goes down, Kubernetes will reschedule the work. When the pod comes back up, it'll reconnect to [Redis](https://redis.io/) and continue processing tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Celery executor

At its core, the Celery executor is built for horizontal scaling.

[Celery](https://docs.celeryproject.org/en/stable/) itself is a way of running python processes in a distributed fashion. To optimize for flexibility and availability, the Celery executor works with a "pool" of independent workers and uses messages to delegate tasks. On Celery, your deployment's scheduler adds a message to the queue and the Celery broker delivers it to a Celery worker (perhaps one of many) to execute.

If a worker node is ever down or goes offline, the Celery executor quickly adapts and is able to assign that allocated task or tasks to another worker.

If you're running native Airflow, adopting a Celery executor means you'll have to set up an underlying database to support it (RabbitMQ/Redis).

> Note: When running Celery on top of a managed Kubernetes service, if a node that contains a Celery worker goes down, Kubernetes will reschedule the work. When the pod comes back up, it'll reconnect to [Redis](https://redis.io/) and continue processing tasks.
```

### Worker termination grace period

> An Airflow deployment on Astronomer Software running with Celery Workers has a setting called "Worker Termination Grace Period" (otherwise known as the "Celery Flush Period") that helps minimize task disruption upon deployment by continuing to run tasks for an x number of minutes after you push up a deploy.
> 
> Conversely, under LocalExecutor, tasks will start immediately upon deployment regardless of whether or not tasks were mid-execution, which could be disruptive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Airflow deployment on Astronomer Software running with Celery workers has a setting called **Worker Termination Grace Period** that helps minimize task disruption upon deployment by continuing to run tasks for a number of minutes after you push up a deploy.

Conversely, when using the Local executor, tasks start immediately upon deployment regardless of whether or not tasks were mid-execution, which could be disruptive.
```

### Pros

- High availability
- Built for horizontal scaling
- Worker Termination Grace Period

### Cons

- It's pricier
- It takes some work to set up
- Worker maintenance

### When you should use it

> While the LocalExecutor is a great way to save on engineering resources for testing even with a heavy workload, Astronomer recommends going with Celery for running DAGs in production, especially if you're running anything that's time sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astronomer recommends using the Celery executor for running DAGs in production, especially if you're running anything that's time sensitive.
```

> ## KubernetesExecutor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kubernetes executor
```

KubernetesExecutor leverages the power of [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) for resource optimization.

KubernetesExecutor relies on a fixed single Pod that dynamically delegates work and resources. For each and every task that needs to run, the Executor talks to the Kubernetes API to dynamically launch Pods which terminate when that task is completed.

This means a few things:

- In times of high traffic, you can scale up
- In times of low traffic, you can scale to zero
- For each individual task, you can for the first time configure the following:
  - Memory allocation
  - Service accounts
  - Airflow image

#### Scale to near-zero

> With the Local and Celery Executors, a deployment whose DAGs run once a day will operate with a fixed set of resources for the full 24 hours - only 1 hour of which actually puts those resources to use. That's 23 hours of resources you're paying for but don't deliver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Local and Celery executors, a deployment whose DAGs run once a day will operate with a fixed set of resources for the full 24 hours - only 1 hour of which actually puts those resources to use. That's 23 hours of resources you're paying for but don't deliver.
```

> With the KubernetesExecutor, your Webserver and Scheduler costs will remain fixed, but the dynamic scaling of the actual pods will allow you to shed the fixed cost that comes with having a Celery Worker up 24 hours a day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Kubernetes executor, your webserver and scheduler costs remain fixed, but the dynamic scaling of the actual Pods allow you to shed the fixed cost of having a Celery worker up for 24 hours a day.
```

> ### Less work for your Scheduler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Less work for your scheduler
```

> On the Local and Celery Executors, the Scheduler is charged with constantly having to check the status of each task at all times from the Postgres backend - "Is it running? Queued? Failed?"
> 
> With the KubeExecutor, the workers (pods) talk directly to the _same_ Postgres backend as the Scheduler and can to a large degree take on the labor of task monitoring. In this architecture, a task failure is handled by its individual Pod. The Scheduler is only responsible for keeping an eye on the pods themselves and taking action if one or more of them fail.
> 
> Using the Kubernetes "Watcher" API, the scheduler reads event logs for anything with a failed label tied to that Airflow instance. If a pod fails, the Scheduler alerts Postgres and bubbles that failure up to the user to trigger whatever alerting solution is set up on your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Local and Celery executors, the scheduler is charged with constantly having to check the status of each task at all times from the Postgres backend - "Is it running? Queued? Failed?"

With the Kubernetes executor, the workers (Pods) talk directly to the _same_ Postgres backend as the scheduler and can take on the labor of task monitoring. In this architecture, a task failure is handled by its individual Pod. The scheduler is only responsible for keeping an eye on the Pods themselves and taking action if one or more of them fail.

Using the Kubernetes "Watcher" API, the scheduler reads event logs for anything with a failed label tied to that Airflow instance. If a Pod fails, the scheduler alerts Postgres and bubbles that failure up to the user to trigger whatever alerting solution is set up on your deployment.
```

### Pros

- Cost and resource efficient
- Fault tolerant
- Task-level configurations
- No interruption to running tasks if a deploy is pushed

### Cons

- Kubernetes familiarity as a potential barrier to entry
- An overhead of a few extra seconds per task for a pod to spin up

### When you should use it

> The Kubernetes Executor offers extraordinary capabilities. If you're familiar with Kubernetes and want to give it a shot, Astronomer recommends doing so to be at the forefront of the modern Apache Airflow configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes executor offers extraordinary capabilities. If you're familiar with Kubernetes and want to give it a shot, Astronomer recommends doing so to be at the forefront of the modern Apache Airflow configuration.
```

> Note: If you have a high quantity of tasks that are intended to finish executing particularly quickly, note the extra handful of seconds it takes for each individual Pod to spin up might slow those tasks down.

## Honorable mention

> **Sequential Executor:** The Sequential Executor runs a _single_ task instance at a time in a linear fashion with no parallelism functionality (A → B → C). It does identify a single point of failure, making it helpful for debugging. Otherwise, the Sequential Executor is not recommended for any use cases that require more than a single task execution at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Sequential executor:** The Sequential executor runs a _single_ task instance at a time in a linear fashion with no parallelism functionality (A → B → C). It does identify a single point of failure, making it helpful for debugging. Otherwise, the Sequential executor is not recommended for any use cases that require more than a single task execution at a time.
```
